{
  "curricular": {
    "rit": {
      "name": "Rochester Institute of Technology",
      "description": "The Rochester Institute of Technology is a private research university in Henrietta, New York, a suburb of Rochester. It was founded in 1829. It is one of only two institutes of technology in New York state, the other being the New York Institute of Technology."
    },
    "honors": {
      "name": "Honors Program",
      "description": "The RIT Honors Program is dedicated to providing collegeal richness that promotes an enterprising spirit and creative approaches to modern challenges by combining professional development at a high-tech university with attention to the impact that decisions have on our shared society and individual humanity."
    },
    "cybersecurity": {
      "name": "Bachelors of Science in Cybersecurity",
      "description": "RIT's new Global Cybersecurity Institute is one of the world's leading cybersecurity college and research centers. This 52,000-square-foot, state-of-the-art facility was designed for a holistic, multidisciplinary approach to cybersecurity."
    },
    "math": {
      "name": "Mathematics Minor",
      "description": "The mathematics minor is designed for students who want to learn new skills and develop new ways of framing and solving problems. It offers students the opportunity to explore connections among mathematical ideas and to further develop mathematical ways of thinking."
    },
    "sysadmin": {
      "name": "Networking and Systems Administration Minor",
      "description": "This minor provides computing students with a firm foundation in networking and/or systems administration. Computer networks and the systems attached to these networks have become ubiquitous. Therefore, knowledge of how computer networks function, their administration, and the administration of the systems attached to them can be of value to every computing professional since their work is impacted in some way by computer networks and computer systems. Students may choose between two tracks: networking or system administration."
    }
  },
  "extracurricular": {
    "honorsCouncil": "Honors Council",
    "dangerousTexts": "Dangerous Texts Society",
    "signatures": "Signatures Art and Literature Magazine",
    "wordsmiths": "Wordsmiths Writing Club",
    "psp": "Phi Sigma Pi Frat",
    "globalUnion": "Global Union",
    "blueTeam": "RIT Blue Team",
    "fantasyClub": "Fantasy Club",
    "puzzlesClub": "RIT Puzzles Club",
    "mathClub": "Math Club",
    "philosophyClub": "RIT Philosophy Club"
  }
}